Avoid generating decidim_initializer.rb (#14832)
decidim/decidim: docs/modules/services/pages/sms.adoc

= SMS gateway configuration

If you want to verify your users by sending a verification code via

> xref:services:sms.adoc[SMS] you need to provide a SMS gateway service class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SMS (mobile/cell phones text messages) you need to provide a SMS gateway service class.
```

Reviewer: No need to add a link to this same page
